Primary source continuation
Corpus citation path: us/guidance/nsf/important-notice/149-implementation-faq/question-5

What certifications are required for researchers and organizations? All items in NSF IN-149 save Item 1 require certifications. NSF IN-149 Item 1: Research Security Assessment and Required Documentation No certification is required. NSF IN-149 Item 2: Research Security Training Senior/key personnel must certify at the time of proposal submission that they have completed the required research security training within 12 months prior to proposal submission. Organizations must certify at the time of proposal submission that all senior/key personnel have completed the above research security training. Institutions of higher education (IHEs) must also certify at the time of proposal submission to having an updated Responsible and Ethical Conduct in Research (RECR) plan that addresses mentor training and mentorship, training to raise awareness of potential research security threats, and federal export control, disclosure and reporting requirements. NSF IN-149 Items 3 and 4: Malign Foreign Talent Recruitment Program Senior/key personnel must certify at the time of proposal submission that they are not a party to an MFTRP. Individuals serving as a principal investigator (PI) or co-PI on at least one active NSF award made on or after May 20, 2024, must certify annually that they are not a party to an MFTRP. Organizations must certify at the time of proposal submission that all senior/key personnel have been made aware of and have complied with the requirement to certify that they are not a party to an MFTRP. NSF IN-149 Item 5: Foreign Financial Disclosure Requirement IHEs must certify and annually report all current foreign financial support from a foreign source associated with a country of concern, the value of which is $50,000 or more per source 7 . The covered annual reporting period of July 1 through June 30 of the subsequent year is not affected by the government's lapse in appropriation. NSF IN-149 Item 6: Confucius Institutes Absent a waiver, IHEs must certify at the time of proposal submission that they do not maintain a contract or agreement with a Confucius Institute.
